Meeting Notes 2015-07-28 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 367th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-takers: Kevin, Jade; Moderators: J.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''

= Introductions =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* Introduce any experimental or unusual moderation techniques that may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name
** What do you do
** What do you maintain at Noisebridge?
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?
* Kevin - 3 years, neurohacking wednesdays
* Steve - theoretical physists, 3 years
* Praveen - Software developer, been coming around 7 years
* Ozzie - Software developer, 3 years
* Dan - Programmer, 3 years, neurohacking
* Mari - 2-3 months, spammer by trade, learning game development, unity
* Trent - Web developer, python class, library
* Louis - 3 years, LifX hacking
* Phil - EE, applying for philantropist
* Frank - ME and Physics, broadband cable communications hardware
* Maria - Seamstress
* Joyti - Law school grad, teaching front-end web dev
* Jade - tutor python, neurohacking wednesdays
* J - Sys admin, by night do lots with space.. teaching circut hacking monday
* Chris - I work with Alex
* Alex - I work with Chris, Chris makes cool 3d art installations/chandeliers

= Short announcements and events =
* Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short! One or two sentences please!
* Any happenings at the space of which members should be made aware.
* Don't hog everyone's time since we all just want to hack!

* Louis looking for Chaos Communication Camp ticket for a friend
* Steve going away in a bit, going away party at Sycamore next week. Get in contact if you're intersted.
* Trent library working group, get in touch
* Chinese govt officials want to come to Noisebridge in Sept 28 - Oct 4 to learn how to make an effective hackerspace. Details/wiki coming soon. Participation from all welcome, the more the merrier.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community and space better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Mark down a check or other indicator on every open application to keep track of how many weeks they've been read out.
* Anyone eligible to join this week should
** introduce themselves,
** answer any questions meeting participants may have for them, then
** leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime, or cookies and perhaps milk) for the rest of the group.
* The rest of the meeting should reach consensus on whether they may join.
* Remember to applaud new members when they return.

* Meredith Baker (on hold)

= [[Philanthropists]]=
* '''Invite a knowledgeable member to describe''' [[Philanthropist/Pledge|Philantropy]], and the application process.
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Any applicants must have their sponsor present to vouch for them.
* If there are no objections, they're a philanthropist! Their pledge should be handed over to the [[Secretary]] posthaste, after which their token will be updated to give them the 24/7 access they've earned(?)

* Maria
** Sponsor: Jarrod, cheerful and kind, generous with her time. helped design the sewing area. teaches others how to use the sewing area. also pretty good at chess. excited she wants to work here more often and take responsibility for the space.

== Maria is a philanthropist ==

* Phil - EE, like blinky things, want to support the space, not a fan of bureaucracy, this is perfect for me.
** Sponsor: J, every time I see him in the space he has been willing to help, explain the projects he's working on, discussing making custom Noisebridge kits for CHM. I strongly support Phil in this case.

== Phil is a philanthropist ==

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: No new information
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): No new information
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials
* [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2015-July/046791.html Signed a 3 year lease for $4,356/month (10% increase)]

= Consensus and Discussion =

* '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]
* It is important that everyone in attendance understands at least:
** Blocking with verbalized principled objections.
** Why we use consensus over other approaches to decision making.
** How consensus isn't a legislative process
** Why consensus isn't applicable to some things like conflict resolution, resolution of time sinks, and the like.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Nothing for consensus ===

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Nothing for consensus ===

== Discussion Items ==

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

=== Mongo DB ===

Praveen: Apologize for list drama. Since we're short on funds, we should not let corporations set up shop without donating. I like Mongo, they're AGPL, but they did just raise $80 million.

Louis: I agree. They should have office hours, but it has to be fair to everyone.

Steve: Bryan seemed to be acting in good faith. If someone wants to come in and teach opensource stuff, that's great. If someone wants to come to Noisebridge and recruit, that's great. Coming to use Noisebridge social capital to recruit under banner of opensource is not cool.

Ozzy: Mongo not too awesome, go SQL. Pretty obvious, if they're here it should be for a fee. What's fee going to be? Many orgs have a reasonable corporate rate. Should be open for discussion.

Louis: How are they going to organize the class? Test it out as an experiment.

Steve: If we formalized rates, or experimented with rates it might become attractive and co-opt the culture. 

Louis: Will have customer relationship. I don't come here to be recruited. Really tricky and all about money. Air B&amp;B vs Couchsurfing. Paying should be semi-official.

Ozzy: Is the question official vs unofficial? See how it goes as an experiment? It is up to us to pose.

Louis: Official structure will be complicated.

Frank: Assuming on a similar grounds to commercial groups. Ask of them a perk for the community here.

J: What I'm hearing is that people want to have a meeting, see how it goes, then make something official. Ground rules for using the space.

Louis: Have them run an event like everyone else. Put it on the calendar. Etc.. See how the class goes, no advertising. It would be excellent if you were giving a donation.

Praveen: Mitch will bring his company's stuff, and other start-up people here. I would like to see Noisebridge continue to be used for commercial home-brewed startups. 

Trent: Formalizing things provides rights/privileges to the people we formalize with.

Ozzy: Different levels for formalization. A web page to sign up vs a suggested donation. I suggest the latter.

Louis: Simple communication. If you're paid by MongoDB working at Noisebridge then we have suggested donation. If not paid, that's okay.

Frank: Some orgs will want something official and written. I support providing this one-off as an experiment.

Dan: What we get vs. what we risk - Groups teaching classes introduces new people who will donate.
the cost: what happens to our culture. the devil uses our space. risk2 overly formal mode is not our culture to begin with.
Google.org what's to have a hackathon for ppl with disabilities here, but if they're buying PR and hacker cred. we'll burn that bridge when we get there.

Louis: fineline to draw btw
J: We're setting a president, we're making this place more appealing the public, these are things that are going to keep coming up and should be incorporated into our culture

Kevin: We already have normal pipes and criteria events and classes happen here, but now we're considering big corporations that should have different soft criteria to use this space

Ozzy: another criteria, what are things ppl use. Fee for the coperation, not the ppl participating in the events - from there own pockets

Louis: So many things are closed-source. We shouldn't charge per person

Ozzy: If I had a blog, with my message, I won't put recommendations that are against my culture

Kevin: We have an aesthetic preference, MongoDB. Mitch's design is open, it's cool that he comes in and shows us how to use it. It's not cool if apple were to come in to show us how to make an app.

Steve: This is going to be hard to come up with rules for corps, being we're an anarchist space - it's impossible. MongoDB is open-source, but they also  
have open source software - so they're cool, but they make money, so they should donate money.

Ozzy: How many of us wouldn't ask for a donation. 

Dan: In support of a soft donation

Louis: If he isn't paid to host the meetup, he shouldn't be expected to donate.

Trent: Not comfortable with coupling money with classes. 

Ozzy: Reject the idea of them coming here? No. Cool.

Kevin: What exploitation are you concerned about?

Praveen:I'm not to concerned about NB culture, we're stringer than that. But I am conserned about community benefit. There needs to be community benefit from this. This could become popular.

Trent: As software ppl, we jump to categorize, we don't need to do that, we can juudge individulas on there own merits. On a case by case basis

Praveen: wants to find a loop pol for ppl like Mitch Altman

Dan: If our finances were to double, a month from now. Could have come from one big org. or from 50 ppl. Healthier if our money come from individuals.
It's a balance
As long as we've got enough money, we don't have to worry about paying rent, that's a good place.

Steve: Been to a place that was funded by a philanthropist, everything was good, comfortable, made by use. We didn't have too much money, Surplus is nice.

Dan: if a corp wants a buy-in, we're not so eager to sell it for 100 bucks

Kevin: MongoDB event adds value - it's alright to tax b/c they are a profitable company

Dan: Let's not worry about the money.

J: Recommends we don't make any decisions, let the whole community be involved in this, this is a big decision. We don't want to sell our soul or essence of this space.

Praveen: Supports playing these powers, they have the ability to give back to the community. let's be the bridge b/w these corps and the communities that need support.


= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]